custom filters and invert allowlist (#877)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-browser-extension/features/other-features.md

## General {#general}

> *General* tab contains the main settings of the extension and lets you control its basic filtering behavior. Here you can allow search ads and [self‑promotion on websites](/general/ad-filtering/search-ads/), enable automatic activation of language‑specific filters, set the filters’ update interval, and turn on [protection against phishing and malicious websites](/general/browsing-security/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *General* tab contains the main extension settings and lets you control its basic filtering behavior. Here you can allow search ads and [self‑promotion on websites](/general/ad-filtering/search-ads/), enable automatic activation of language-specific filters, set the update interval for the filters, and turn on [protection against phishing and malicious websites](/general/browsing-security/).
```

![General *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/Kb/ad_blocker/browser_extension/general_new.png)

> You can also save your current configuration and quickly apply it in another browser or on another device. To do this, click *Share settings* in the *General* tab: the extension will generate a special link and a QR code that contain your current settings. You can either copy the link and open it in a browser, or scan the QR code on a device that has AdGuard installed to open it directly in the app. You will then see a prompt to apply the shared configuration so you can restore the same setup after reinstalling your browser or on a new device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also save your current configuration and quickly apply it to another browser or device. To do this, click *Share settings* in the *General* tab: the extension will generate a special link and a QR code that contain your current settings. You can either copy the link and open it in a browser, or scan the QR code on a device with AdGuard to open the link directly in the app. You will then see a prompt to apply the shared configuration so that you can restore the same setup after reinstalling your browser or on a new device.
```

If needed, you can also share this link with other people or attach it to a support request so the team can see your exact configuration.

In addition, you can still export your settings to a .json file by clicking *Export settings* and import them via the *Import settings* option. This makes it easy to switch between different configuration profiles or move them between browsers.

## Additional settings {#misc}

The *Additional settings* section contains a range of various settings that are related to the ad blocking process and application usability.

> ![Additional settings *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/Kb/ad_blocker/browser_extension/additional_new_.png)

Reviewer 2: Picture is broken

<img width="1192" height="1087" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9fb6a067-4814-4fa3-be8f-51bfb68b31cc" />

> ![Additional settings *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/Kb/ad_blocker/browser_extension/additional_new_.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Additional settings *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/Kb/ad_blocker/browser_extension/additional_new.png)
```
